Add AZURE specific suggestion (#4251)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/install/file-storage/README.md

```
Where size is the default size for the volume.

#### Azure

> If you are using the `azurefile-csi` Persistent Storage driver then we recomend adding the following to the StorageClass mountOptions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the `azurefile-csi` Persistent Storage driver then we recommend adding the following to the `StorageClass mountOptions`:
```

```
mountOptions:
  - dir_mode=0777
  - file_mode=0777
  - mfsymlinks
  - nobrl
```

> See [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/azure/azure-kubernetes/storage/mountoptions-settings-azure-files) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the Azure Kubernetes documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/azure/azure-kubernetes/storage/mountoptions-settings-azure-files) for more details.
```
